[CosmosDB] Adding support to retrieve and redistribute physical partition throughput (#4864)
Azure/azure-cli-extensions: src/cosmosdb-preview/HISTORY.rst

Release History
===============

0.18.0
++++++

> * Retrieve and redistribute throughput at physical partition level.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add support for retrieving and redistributing throughput at physical partition level.
```
